[Music]
so what are you doing out here there is
a legend in the jungles of the Amazon of
a tree that heals or it could change the
world but if it gets into the wrong
hands he could awaken a great evil I
believe that the legend is real which
was man I'm gonna find it you are when I
do
just imagine the lives that could be
saved I've been looking for this tree
longer than anybody I've tracked the
legend to every village every island
nothing you're searching for something
it can't be found but you've never had
the key let's do something that's safe
as goose ease of elephants they're all
no elephants in the Amazon and I don't
even like elephants lady everybody likes
velvet
know this about the jungle
everything that you see wants to kill
you and Canada
careful they could smell fear
[Music]
oh my god
who brings a submarine to the Amazon oh
yeah
[Music]
goodnight
forget it come on
I don't got it that was a disaster go
the way I planned
[Music]
you